Grey Snow



In the battle to stay awake, Jose began to slap his face. The pile of ash that sat on his head fell to his feet and Jose watched as the cold mountain air carried the pale ash down the valley. The stone path ahead led up the mountain and never seemed to fade despite the endless flakes of ash that snowed down. When Jose would stop to gaze out from the stone path, he would see nothing but thick forest that swayed from the valley breeze. As he walks up the grand mountain, Jose begins to see weirdly shaped rocks, collected near the sides of the path. A blanket of ash covered the rocks that made it hard to make out what the shapes of the rocks were. Jose thought they must be some sort of stone statue, but after he climbed higher, an eerie feeling fell over him as he noticed that the statue had a texture that was not stone.

As He continued to walk the cold stone path, Jose spotted a statue up ahead that was not covered yet. Curious of what the statue could be, he sped up. Jose’s heart fell to the pit of his stomach, when he then realized that it was no statue. A shell of a man sat there hunched over with skin grayed and flesh dried. His face was frozen with a look of exhaustion and fear. The ash started to barrier him into his grave. “What is this place?” Jose whispered as he stepped back in fear and confusion. He looked up ahead and wondered how he ended up in such a strange place, but the only memory that occupied his mind was the words climb for salvation.  Jose decided to follow the only guidance he could find in this miserable scene and dragged himself higher up the mountain.

As he continued up, Jose found two people walking ahead of him. He was able to spot an old man and another man that appeared to be closer to Jose’s age. The younger man glanced over at Jose and gave a wave to come closer. As Jose approached, the man asked, “Hey there bud, the name is Peter, and this is Gramps.” Jose responded, “I’m Jose. Do you know where this trail leads to?”  A look of worry fell upon Peter’s face as he replied “No, I woke up on the side of this trail, but I can’t seem to remember how I got here. Must have been a fucked up night if it got us this messed up hahaha. Am I right Gramps?”  The old man looked up at the two looking into their eyes and cleared his throat,

Peter looked over to Gramps struggling to find his thoughts and spoke up, “I found Gramps walking up the trail too. He mentioned to me that he doesn’t remember his name. I guess He has been here for a few months.” The old man looked up at Jose with gloomy and tired eyes. He cleared his throat and spoke in a raspy voice, “This is true, my memory is falling out of my head like the snow that rains down on us. I remember being able to recall my name a few weeks ago, but it feels like longer I’m here the less I remember.” He then lowered his head to look down at his feet. Jose than says to the old man, “It’s okay Gramps, we can help you remember.”

The three continued up the trail, each one tried to piece together their last memory, but devolved into the memories of mostly Peter. “I remember I was at a nightclub meeting up with some friends. It was in Las Vegas because we were celebrating my brother's bachelor party and the other two pales from work. We had just finished pulling off one of our greatest credit card scams and each walked away with 4.2 million dollars each. I wanted to show my brother a good time in Vegas, so with my little annual bonus, I treated him with everything the city had to offer.

The night was filled with drugs, alcohol, and women. After the 3rd night club of the night, we had a small crowd following us on our club hopping adventures. It all starts to get a little hazy after the 4th club. I can only remember that I took a bump from some chick in the bathroom. Did I take too much?” Pete said, looking towards Jose. “This is totally ‘The Hangover ‘and my boys are gonna come find me haha.” The old man looked up at Peter and said, “I don’t think anyone is coming for us? This place doesn’t seem normal...” silents filled the air as they all knew that the old man was right.

“The last thing I remember was feeling empty.” Jose said with sadness and guilt that overwhelmed him. “I still feel empty. I remember blowing off work for the second time this week and driving down to the river. Drinking, crying, and drinking some more … I couldn’t escape this feeling of emptiness. My wife left me, and friends will not speak to me anymore. I fucked up!” Jose’s eyes swelled up with tears as the memories that he had forgotten flooded his mind. “I drove home from drinking at the bar one night. I really thought I was fine but I … I ran someone over on a bike. I didn’t even get out of the car to see if they were okay. I felt so scared that I would lose everything if I stayed and helped. When I got home, I saw my wife standing outside. She was waiting for our daughter to get home from biking from her friend's house. That was 15 years ago.” Jose’s pace slowed down to a stop and a heaviness fell upon them.

Unlike the other two, the old man couldn’t remember his days before the ash covered mountain ranges. “I don’t see the point of this,” the old man said suddenly to break the heavy silence between the three. “I can’t remember anything. I don’t remember my name. The only thing that a person should remember. Maybe I'm nobody like the people sitting on the side over there... I can’t walk through this grey hell anymore…” he sat on pile ash that was layered over a body. “You can’t just stay here, Gramps.” Jose said with sadness to the old man. “This place gives me the creeps. It feels like something will pop out of the forest at any second. Just keep walking with us. There must be someone that knows what is going on. Someone had to have made this path.” Jose tried to comfort the old man patted him on the shoulder, but the old man looked out at the forest, to avoid Jose’s gaze. “I have nothing to exist for… Just leave me alone” Peter then grabbed Jose and told him to leave the old man alone.

The two continued to walk up the stone path as the old man watched until they disappeared into the mountain. “I hope gramps is okay.” Jose said while thoughts of the old man turning into one of them human statues flashed in his head. “He didn’t know his name, Jose, there isn’t much we can do. He was losing his mind already …”, said Peter.

 The sound of deep, heavy horns blew in the distance that filled their ears. This was followed by a bright light that caused a patch in the cloudy sky to glow and faded back into its monotonous grey hue. The sound struck fear into the hearts of the two men, they looked at each other with faces of confusion, and fear. “What was that? Were those horns? This feels like some underworld shit!” Peter said as he looked into the patch of sky that emitted the light. “Jose, are we in hell?” The question rang in Jose’s ears as he began to piece together what he was able to remember. A weird relief came over him, to know that he would rightfully pay for what he had done. “Fuck, Peter, I think we are.” said Jose. Panic took over Peter for he did not understand why he was sent to Purgatory.

“Why am I here? I was just having a good time, what the fuck, man! You know, every person I’ve done wrong had it coming!” Jose did not know what to say to him. “Also, should we be going up there at all? Maybe that’s where those scary horns are playing from.” Peter’s panic simmered and he placed his hands up to his head, eyes wide, as he faced the mountain peak. “I don’t know if being out here is going to be any better. You heard the old man; he had been walking in this hell hole for so long that he lost his mind.” said Jose.

The crimson red light lit up the sky around them. The horns bellowed again, that was louder and more intense than before. A winged figure began to descend towards the peak of the mountain. “Did you see that, Jose!? Was that an angel?” said Peter with a bit of hope in his voice. “What would an angel be doing here? I think you’re seeing things.” Jose said with bitterness, as he looked up to spot what Peter saw. Peter began to lighten up. “Maybe it’s here to pick me up, I knew it was a mistake. Thank God!” said Peter, with his chin to the sky. Jose did not believe that an angel was there just to pick up Peter. He felt Peter was a nice guy but was sent there for a reason.

They walked up the last sector of stairs that brought them to the peak of the mountain. The horns blared for a third and final time. The deep bellow shook their bones and caused their hearts to skip a beat. Before them stood a wooden twisted gate with a dim lantern. Beside the lantern sat a stubby demon with wings that held a horn and had locked eyes with Jose. The demon’s eyes glowed orange. After a moment, the mouth of the demon began to move slowly. A whisper hissed and creeped into their ears. “Come in, you two, the asshh isn’t good for your mindsss …” Jose moved forward, when Peter reached out and grabbed Jose by his arm. “Are you sure about this? That thing might be playing a fucking with us man.” The demon interjected and knew exactly what would make Peter come closer. “Well, you know the Angel is inside.” Peter looked at Jose and said, “I told you I wasn’t seeing things.” A mischievous grin settled onto the demon’s face. Jose did not like the way the little demon was playing them. “How can we know you are telling the truth?” The demon’s grin instantly disappeared and began to look frustrated. He spoke for the last time. “A truth and a lie are one in the same, for our tricks of mischief have been severely tamed. Now you can either walk into the cabin or walk back from where you came from.”

The two walked toward the cabin in fear, but curiosity took over. The door was carved with images of a man with a goat head and scriptures written in symbols and a foreign, unrecognizable language. Murmurs could be heard from the other side of the door. Jose grabbed the golden doorknob and pushed the heavy wooden door open. The glow from a fireplace fell upon the two entering the cabin. The warmth of the fire engulfed them, but it was anything but comforting. The feeling of disbelief swallowed the men, as the two entities diverted their attention to the two humans.

On the left, sat a demon that was gray as steel and built like a bull. Its eyes protruded from its face and a lack of lips left its ferocious teeth bare and exposed. It had a long snake-like tongue hanging outside its mouth. To the right, stood an angel who was covered with white clothes and golden armor. His appearance was human-like but with wings that produced a light that completely lit the side of the room that the fireplace glow couldn’t reach. The angel and demon spoke to each other in an unrecognizable tongue to humans. “I can’t believe they’re real.” Peter whispered to himself in awe, which he instantly regretted when the demon sharply turned his head to the side, throwing daggers at Peter with its eyes. The demon’s voice roared, “SILENCE.” He growled at the humans before him. Annoyed, the demon returned to their discussion. “I will take that one.” The Angel said, nodding in Jose’s direction, its voice calm. “What about me?!” Peter carelessly spoke. “I deserve to be taken! I’m not the asshole that killed his daughter.” The angel glared at Peter. “He’s right.” Jose interjected. “I don’t deserve to go anywhere that’s not here in hell.” The demon lets out a quick but loud belly laugh. “I deserve a snack.” It stood up and began to walk towards the humans. Within a moment, it grabbed Peter and stretches its mouth wider than its own body and eats the upper half of the human. Jose stood there in shock and disgust while the demon devoured the rest of Peter. The angel looked at the demon with simple disapproval.

“Come with me, human” The angel said while he guided Jose back outside.

 “I know you have a lot of questions, but, unfortunately for you, we do not have time. You have the fate of rebirth.” said the angel. Jose felt guilt for Peter's death the same way he felt guilt and responsibility for his daughter's death. He began to distrust the angel’s decision to send him back to earth, where he believed all, he would do was cause more pain and sorrow. The angel began to look into Jose’s eyes. Its eyes flared a light so bright it began to blind Jose until there was nothing but white.

This can’t be, I did not deserve to have a beating heart; the warmth of the sun; the feeling of love; How could I live my life knowing the horror I had done? Would I end up repeating my past mistakes? What is my fate?






 
